**DCU There User Manual**

Utilizing the map

Welcome to the DCU There User manual, the first feature you will be introduced to and possibly the most important feature of DCU There is the 3D interactive outer map of the campus. This outer map provides essential core functionality as well as acting as an interface to the user. With this map, the user will be shown an elevated view of the DCU Glasnevin campus. Using the joystick, the user will be able to rotate around the map by swiping their finger on the joystick in the direction they wish the camera to be rotated. As well as being able to rotate 360 degrees around the campus, you are also able to zoom in and out of any specific point to show more detail. This can be done by placing two fingers on the screen over the area you wish to enhance and then dragging them apart. You can also zoom out by preforming the opposite actions. The base purpose of the outer map of the campus is that you will be able to establish your geographical position within the campus based off of the buildings around you and then comparing them to the ones displayed within the application. Once this has been established you can then use other features displayed in the map based off the position of your choosing.

1. 1)To and from

The main function of the outer map is to help a user get from one point to another. Both externally as well as internally. This can be done externally of buildings by using the &quot;To&quot; and &quot;From&quot; drop down menus located at the bottom of the screen. All a user has to do to find the quickest and most efficient route is to open to &quot;To&quot; drop-down bar and select where they want to go to and then open the &quot;From&quot; drop down menu and select where they are coming from. Once both building options have been selected a red indicator will appear at the door of the selected &quot;From&quot; building that is closest to the &quot;To&quot; building. This will tell you which door you should try leave the &quot;From&quot; building from in order to take the most efficient route. The circle will move towards the closest door of the &quot;To&quot; building leaving a trail behind it that will form a line. The user can now follow this line to navigate between the two buildings as efficiently as possible.

1. 2)To and specific location

The user also has the option to set a destination to a building from a specific location once it is still within the map. This can be done by tapping the building that you wish to go to. This will cause the building to become highlighted in bright yellow differentiating it from all the other buildings. Once this has been done all the user has to do is tap anywhere reachable on the map and similar to how you find a route between two buildings using the &quot;To – From&quot; feature. An object will be created which will find the quickest path between to users selected starting location and the highlighted building. Once the best path to take has been found, an object will be created and it will follow the path showing you the quickest route to the highlighted building. Now the user just has to follow the path created by the object and they will arrive at the highlighted building.



1. 3)Importing a timetable

To import a user&#39;s academic timetable into the app, they firstly will need to know their programme code as well as their academic year (how many years they have been doing the course for). With these two pieces of information you can open the &quot;Schedule&quot; button. This will ask you to provide these pieces of information so that the right timetable can be obtained.



1. 4)Adding events

1. 5)Deleting Events



1. 6)Displaying your schedule

1. 7)Finding Classrooms